DOCS-8342 MS Service Bus 2.2 (#876)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: microsoft-service-bus/2.2/modules/ROOT/pages/ms-service-bus-connector-reference.adoc

== Configurations
---
[[config]]
=== Default Configuration

==== Parameters
[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
|Name | String | Name for this configuration. Connectors reference the configuration with this name. | | x
| Connection a| * <<config_shared-access-signature, Shared Access Signature>>
* <<config_username-password, Username Password>>
* <<config_windows, Windows>>
 | Connection types to provide to this configuration | | x
| Encoding a| String |  Default encoding of the Message body to use if the message doesn't communicate it |  |
| Content Type a| String |  Default contentType of the Message body to use if the message doesn't communicate it |  `/` |
| Expiration Policy a| <<ExpirationPolicy>> |  Configures the minimum amount of time that a dynamic configuration instance can remain idle before Mule considers it eligible for expiration. This does not mean that the instance expires at the exact moment that it becomes eligible. Mule purges the instances as appropriate. |  |
| Ack Mode a| Enumeration, one of:

** IMMEDIATE
** AUTO
** MANUAL

> ** DUPS_OK |  The `org.mule.jms.commons.api.config.ConsumerAckMode` to use when consuming a message. This setting can be overridden at the message source level. This attribute must be `IMMEDIATE` if `transactionType` is `LOCAL` or `MULTI` |  `AUTO` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** DUPS_OK |  The `org.mule.jms.commons.api.config.ConsumerAckMode` to use when consuming a message. Override this setting at the message source level. This attribute must be `IMMEDIATE` if `transactionType` is `LOCAL` or `MULTI` |  `AUTO` |
```

| Consumer Type a| One of:

* <<topic-consumer>>

> * <<ServiceBusQueueConsumer>> |  The ConsumerType to use by default when consuming a Message. This setting can be overridden at the message source level. |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* <<ServiceBusQueueConsumer>> |  The ConsumerType to use by default when consuming a Message. Override this setting at the message source level. |  |
```

> | Persistent Delivery a| Boolean |  Sets the default value for the Message#getJMSDeliveryMode. If true, the DeliveryMode#PERSISTENT mode will be used, which instructs the JMS provider to take extra care to insure the message is not lost in transit due to a JMS provider failure. |  false |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Persistent Delivery a| Boolean |  Sets the default value for the Message#getJMSDeliveryMode. If true, the DeliveryMode#PERSISTENT mode is used, which instructs the JMS provider to take extra care to insure the message is not lost in transit due to a JMS provider failure. |  false |
```

| Priority a| Number |  Defines the default Message#getJMSPriority to use when sending messages |  4 |
| Time To Live a| Number |  Defines the default time the message is in the broker before it expires and is discarded |  0 |
| Time To Live Unit a| Enumeration, one of:

** NANOSECONDS
** MICROSECONDS
** MILLISECONDS
** SECONDS
** MINUTES
** HOURS
** DAYS |  A TimeUnit which qualifies the #timeToLive attribute.  Defaults to MILLISECONDS |  MILLISECONDS |
| Disable Message Id a| Boolean |  Defines the default value to use when producing messages, for disabling the Message#getJMSMessageID generation in the broker. Depending on the provider it may or may not have effect |  false |
| Disable Message Timestamp a| Boolean |  Defines the default value to use, when producing messages, for disable Message#getJMSTimestamp generation in the broker. Depending on the provider it may or may not have effect. |  false |

> | Delivery Delay a| Number |  This is used to determine the Message delivery delay time which is calculated by adding the deliveryDelay value specified on the send method to the time the message was sent.  Only used in JMS_2_0 |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Delivery Delay a| Number |  Determines the Message delivery delay time which is calculated by adding the deliveryDelay value specified on the send method to the time the message was sent.  Only used in JMS_2_0. |  |
```

|===

==== Connection Types
[[config_shared-access-signature]]
===== Shared Access Signature (Deprecated)

====== Parameters
[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Skip connectivity test a| Boolean |  (Optional) Skips the connectivity test at connector startup (use this if your access policy is restricted). |  false |
| Max Connections a| Number |  Maximum number of connections to keep in pool for the producer to reuse. If set to `-1`, a new connection is created every time. |  -1 |
| Caching Strategy a| One of:

* no-caching
* <<default-caching>> | Strategy to use for caching sessions and connections |  |
| Service Namespace a| String |  |  | x
| Storage Account Name a| String |  (Optional) The account name of the Blob Storage to use to store large messages. |  |
| Storage Access Key a| String |  (Optional) The account key of the Blob Storage to use to store large messages. |  |
| Container Name a| String |  (Optional) The container name in the Blob Storage to use to store large messages. If this parameter is not provided, a default container is created. |  |
| Shared Access Signature a| String |  |  |

> | SAS tokens provider a| SharedAccessSignatureProvider |  Provider instance that will provide SAS tokens when required. |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| SAS tokens provider a| SharedAccessSignatureProvider |  Provider instance that provides SAS tokens when required. |  |
```

| SAS tokens list a| Array of String |  List of SAS tokens to use when required. |  |
| Max redeliveries a| Number |  Controls when an incoming message is rejected based on the number of times it was redelivered. The default value is -1 (disabled). A value of `0` means that no message redeliveries are accepted. A value of `5` means that a message is redelivered five times, and so forth. |  -1 |
| Outcome a| Enumeration, one of:

** ACCEPTED
** REJECTED
** RELEASED
** MODIFIED_FAILED

> ** MODIFIED_FAILED_UNDELIVERABLE |  Controls the outcome that is applied to a message that is being rejected due to it having exceeded the configured maxRedeliveries value. |  MODIFIED_FAILED_UNDELIVERABLE |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** MODIFIED_FAILED_UNDELIVERABLE |  Controls the outcome to apply to a message that is rejected due to exceeding the configured maxRedeliveries value. |  MODIFIED_FAILED_UNDELIVERABLE |
```

| Caching Strategy a| One of:

* no-caching
* <<default-caching>> |  The strategy to use for caching sessions and connections |  |
| Service Namespace a| String |  |  | x
| Storage Account Name a| String | (Optional) The account name of the Blob Storage to use to store large messages |  |
| Storage Access Key a| String | (Optional) The account key of the Blob Storage to use to store large messages. |  |
| Container Name a| String |  (Optional) The container name in the Blob Storage to use to store large messages. If this parameter is not provided, a default container is created. |  |
| Shared Access Key Name a| String |  |  | x
| Shared Access Key a| String |  |  | x
| Proxy a| <<Proxy>> |  |  |
| Security a| <<Tls>> |  |  |
| Advanced a| <<Advanced>> |  |  |
| Max redeliveries a| Number |  Controls when an incoming message is rejected based on the number of times it was redelivered. The default value is -1 (disabled). A value of `0` means that no message redeliveries are accepted. A value of `5` means that a message is redelivered five times, and so forth. |  -1 |
| Outcome a| Enumeration, one of:

** ACCEPTED
** REJECTED
** RELEASED
** MODIFIED_FAILED

> ** MODIFIED_FAILED_UNDELIVERABLE |  Controls the outcome that is applied to a message that is being rejected due to it having exceeded the configured maxRedeliveries value |  MODIFIED_FAILED_UNDELIVERABLE |

Reviewer: DITTO

| Reconnection a| <<Reconnection>> |  When the application is deployed, a connectivity test is performed on all connectors. If set to `true`, deployment fails if the test doesn't pass after exhausting the associated reconnection strategy.  | `true` |
|===
[[config_windows]]
===== Windows

====== Parameters
[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Skip connectivity test a| Boolean |  (Optional) Skips the connectivity test at connector startup (use this if your access policy is restricted). |  false |
| Max Connections a| Number |  Maximum number of connections to keep in pool for the producer to reuse. If set to `-1`, a new connection is created every time. |  -1 |
| Caching Strategy a| One of:

* no-caching
* <<default-caching>> |  The strategy to use for caching sessions and connections |  |
| Service Namespace a| String |  |  | x
| Username a| String |  |  | x
| Password a| String |  |  | x
| Fully Qualified Domain Name a| String |  |  | x
| Port a| String |  |  9355 |
| Disable SSL certificate validation a| Boolean |  |  false |

> | Idle timeout a| Number |  The idle timeout in milliseconds after which the connection will be failed if the peer sends no AMQP frames. |  60000 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Idle timeout a| Number |  The idle timeout in milliseconds after which the connection fails if the peer sends no AMQP frames. |  60000 |
```

| Proxy a| <<Proxy>> |  |  |
| Security a| <<Tls>> |  |  |
| Advanced a| <<Advanced>> |  |  |
| Max redeliveries a| Number |  Controls when an incoming message is rejected based on the number of times it was redelivered. The default value is -1 (disabled). A value of `0` means that no message redeliveries are accepted. A value of `5` means that a message is redelivered five times, and so forth. |  -1 |
| Outcome a| Enumeration, one of:

** ACCEPTED
** REJECTED
** RELEASED
** MODIFIED_FAILED

> ** MODIFIED_FAILED_UNDELIVERABLE |  Controls the outcome that is applied to a message that is being rejected due to it having exceeded the configured maxRedeliveries value. |  MODIFIED_FAILED_UNDELIVERABLE |

Reviewer: DITTO

==== Parameters
[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Configuration | String | Name of the configuration to use | | x
| Ack Id a| String |  The AckId of the Message to ACK |  `#[payload]` |
| Reconnection Strategy a| * <<reconnect>>
* <<reconnect-forever>> |  A retry strategy in case of connectivity errors. |  |
|===

=== For Configurations
* <<config>>

==== Throws
* SERVICEBUS:INVALID_TOKEN
* SERVICEBUS:RETRY_EXHAUSTED
* SERVICEBUS:CONNECTION_EXCEPTION
* SERVICEBUS:UNKNOWN
* SERVICEBUS:AMQP_ERROR
* SERVICEBUS:CONNECTIVITY
* SERVICEBUS:REST_ERROR

== Types

[[Proxy]]
=== Proxy

[%header,cols="20s,25a,30a,15a,10a"]
|===
| Field | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Host a| String | Host of the proxy |  |
| Port a| String | Port of the proxy |  |
| Username a| String | Username of the proxy |  |
| Password a| String | Password for the proxy |  |
|===

[[Advanced]]
=== Advanced

[%header,cols="20s,25a,30a,15a,10a"]
|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required

> | Read Timeout a| Number |  Amount of time that the client waits for a response before it times out. Zero (`0`) specifies that the client will wait indefinitely. |  60000 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Read Timeout a| Number |  Amount of time that the client waits for a response before it times out. Zero (`0`) specifies that the client waits indefinitely. |  60000 |
```

| Read Timeout Unit a| Enumeration, one of:

** NANOSECONDS
** MICROSECONDS
** MILLISECONDS
** SECONDS
** MINUTES
** HOURS
** DAYS |  Time unit for Read Timeout. |  MILLISECONDS | {nbsp}

> | Connection Timeout a| Number |  The amount of time that the client attempts to establish a connection before it times out. Zero (`0`) specifies that the client will continue to attempt to open a connection indefinitely. |  60000 | {nbsp}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Connection Timeout a| Number |  The amount of time that the client attempts to establish a connection before it times out. Zero (`0`) specifies that the client continues to attempt to open a connection indefinitely. |  60000 | {nbsp}
```

| Send Content Type a| Boolean |  Whether or not the body content type should be sent as a property |  true |
| Content Type a| String |  The content type of the message's body |  |
| Send Encoding a| Boolean |  Whether or not the body outboundEncoding should be sent as a Message property |  true |
| Encoding a| String |  The encoding of the message's body |  |
| Reply To a| <<ServiceBusJmsDestination>> |  The destination where a reply to this Message should be sent |  |
| User Properties a| Object |  The custom user properties to set for this message |  |
| JMSX Properties a| <<JmsxProperties>> |  The JMSX properties to set for this message |  |
| Persistent Delivery a| Boolean |  If true, the Message is sent using the PERSISTENT JMSDeliveryMode. |  |
| Priority a| Number |  The default JMSPriority value to use when sending the message. |  |
| Time To Live a| Number |  Defines the default time the message is in the broker before it expires and is discarded. |  |
| Time To Live Unit a| Enumeration, one of:

** NANOSECONDS
** MICROSECONDS
** MILLISECONDS
** SECONDS
** MINUTES
** HOURS
** DAYS |  Time unit to use in the timeToLive configurations. |  |

> | Disable Message Id a| Boolean |  If true, the message is flagged to avoid generating its MessageID. |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Disable Message Id a| Boolean |  If true, flags the message to avoid generating its MessageID. |  |
```

> | Disable Message Id a| Boolean |  If true, the message is flagged to avoid generating its MessageID. |  |
> | Disable Message Timestamp a| Boolean |  If true, the message is flagged to avoid generating its sent Timestamp. |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Disable Message Id a| Boolean |  If true, flags the message to avoid generating its MessageID. |  |
| Disable Message Timestamp a| Boolean |  If true, flags the message to avoid generating its sent Timestamp. |  |
```

| Content Type a| String |  The content type of the message's body |  |
| Send Encoding a| Boolean |  Whether or not the body outboundEncoding should be sent as a Message property |  true |
| Encoding a| String |  The encoding of the message's body |  |
| Reply To a| <<ServiceBusJmsDestination>> |  The destination where a reply to this Message should be sent |  |
| User Properties a| Object |  The custom user properties to set for this message |  |
| JMSX Properties a| <<JmsxProperties>> |  The JMSX properties to set for this message |  |
| Persistent Delivery a| Boolean |  Whether or not the delivery should be done with a persistent configuration |  |
| Priority a| Number |  The default JMSPriority value to use when sending the message |  |
| Time To Live a| Number |  Defines the default time the message is in the broker before it expires and is discarded |  |
| Time To Live Unit a| Enumeration, one of:

** NANOSECONDS
** MICROSECONDS
** MILLISECONDS
** SECONDS
** MINUTES
** HOURS
** DAYS |  Time unit to use in the timeToLive configurations |  |
| Disable Message Id a| Boolean |  If true, the Message is flagged to avoid generating its MessageID |  |

> | Disable Message Timestamp a| Boolean |  If true, the Message is flagged to avoid generating its sent Timestamp |  |

Reviewer: DITTO

 x1 number of days, x2 number of hours, x3 number of minutes, x4 number of seconds (Examples: PT5M (5 minutes), PT1M30S (1 minute, 30 seconds)). | PT1M |
| Max Size In Megabytes a| Number | Specifies the maximum queue size in megabytes. Any attempt to enqueue a message that will cause the queue to exceed this value fails. Valid values are: 1024, 2048, 3072, 4096, 5120 | 1024 |
| Requires Duplicate Detection a| Boolean | Settable only at queue creation time. | false |
| Requires Session a| Boolean | Settable only at queue creation time. If set to true, the queue will be session-aware and only SessionReceiver will be supported. Session-aware queues are not supported
 through REST. | false |
| Dead Lettering On Message Expiration a| Boolean | This field controls how the Service Bus handles a message with an expired TTL. If it is enabled and a message expires, Service Bus moves the message from the queue into the
 queue's dead-letter sub-queue. If disabled, message is permanently deleted from the queue. Settable only at queue creation time. | false |

> | Enable Batched Operations a| Boolean | Enables or disables service-side batching behavior when performing operations for the specific queue. When enabled, Service Bus collects/batches multiple operations to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Enable Batched Operations a| Boolean | Enables or disables service-side batching behavior when performing operations for the specific queue. When enabled, Service Bus collects or batches multiple operations to the
```
